RTStratego

Concept:
  The game takes place on a procedurally generated map, composed of different terrain types that affect the power of the units stationed on them. Multiplayer functionality, with each team composed of a certain number of units, each with different abilities and/or strength values. The identity of enemy units is, by default, unknown until they are engaged by friendly units. However, certain units will have the ability to 'scout' an enemy unit's location. The goal of the game is for each side to capture the enemy's HQ.

Gameplay:
  The board is initially evenly divided into three areas. Each player owns an area on opposing sides of the map, with a neutral section in between. At game start, players may place their units anywhere on their area of the board. Once both players are ready, the game switches to real-time mode.

  Unit selection is done with the mouse and keyboard. The mouse has a circle of a constant radius around it. The player then presses the corresponding key (1-0) to select units of that rank. Multiple units may be selected in this fashion. Selected units can then be moved by right-clicking on different areas of the map.

  Players select their units and send them into battle. Combat is 'touch-based' where a unit simply needs to move into another unit's location in order to triggle combat. The combat is then resolved immediately, with the lower rank, i.e., more powerful, unit winning. Defeated units are respawned according to a timer based on their unit's strength, multiplied by how many times they've been defeated. All units respawn at their team's respective HQ.

  Victory condition is the destruction of enemy HQ. Destruction is achieved by reducing the HQ's health to 0. Each unit attacking the HQ decreases its power by their strength.

Terrain:
  Plains/Farmland - No Modifier
  Hills - +1 to Defender
  Mountains - Impassable
  Rivers - Half speed
  Lakes - Impassable
  Forest - Obfuscates unit identification

Units:
  # - Name (Strength) (Seconds to respawn) - Special Ability
  1 - Marshal (1) (60)- Can be captured by Spy
  1 - General (2) (55)
  2 - Colonel (3) (50)
  3 - Major (4) (45)
  4 - Captain (5) (40)
  4 - Lieutenant (6) (35)
  4 - Sergeant (7) (30)
  5 - Sapper (8) (20) - Can Defuse Bombs
  8 - Scout (9) (10) - Move twice as fast
  1 - Spy (S) (20) - Can defeat Marshal
  6 - Bomb (B) (30) - Destroy all adjacent units
  1 - Headquarters

Tasks:
  Multiplayer - Alaina
  Map Generation - Justin
  Turn Resolution

Base Outline:
  Game start
    Set Up Period
      Generate Map
        Terrain Placement
      Draw HUD
      HQ Placement
      Unit Placement
      End Set Up Verification
    Begin Play

  Turn Outline
    Update Respawn Timers
    Check for User Input
    Check for Conflict Resolution
    Check for Removed Units
    Redraw Altered Map
    Draw HUD

Classes
  Game
    Team

  Unit
    int Strength
    bool Alive
    int LocationX
    int LocationY
    int MoveToX
    int MoveToY
    int Speed
    bool SeenByEnemy
    bool HasMoved
    int RespawnTimer
    int TimeLeftUntilRespawn
    bool Selected

  Headquarter
    int Health

  Team
    Array Unit
    Array Headquarter
    String TeamColor

  Map
    Array Terrain
    Array Topographical
